What are you checking?
I said it was our Yaozu
That is our family Yaozu
You little bitch didn't clean you up enough just now
Did you still kick your nose on your face?
What do you have?
Get out
Don't embarrass yourself here
Lin Jianguo, what are you still doing here?
Why don't you take your trash with you?
Bitch daughter go away
If it's because of you
Humiliated the face of our Lin Family Village
Even if you are kicked out of the village
Can't afford the loss of our village
Why are you driving us away?
My dad has just passed the sea of swords and fire
Why don't you let me check my grades?
and
Checking my grades is the best way to prove my innocence
I have to check this score today.
What's your innocence?
You are trash
It's trash for all to see
Lin Jianguo, your daughter is stupid
Are you stupid too?
If you continue to leave him in the temple
Messaging in the hall
Then your sea of swords and fire just now will be in vain
Chief, I believe in my daughter
With his ability, he will definitely get a good grade.
Chief, please give us a chance
You parents are so shameless
Village Chief, please look at me and shut up
Since you don't understand me
Then I'll make it clear
It's okay if your daughter can eat like a pig
He actually had the material shame to hook up with his coach
A dirty bitch like him
In case of entering or leaving our ancestors
Affected the luck of our Lin family
Can you afford that?